Add notes from the 2022-12 meeting (#71)
python/docs-community: docs/monthly-meeting/2022-12.md

- **Time:** [20:00 UTC](https://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2022-12-05/20:00/Docs%20Meeting) 
- **This HackMD:** https://hackmd.io/@encukou/pydocswg1
- [**Discourse thread**](https://discuss.python.org/t/21578)
- **Calendar event:** (send your e-mail to Mariatta for an invitation)
- **How to participate:**
  -  Go to [Google Meet](https://meet.google.com/dii-qrzf-wkw) and ask to be let in.
  -  To edit notes, click the “pencil” or “split view” button on the [hackMD document]  (https://hackmd.io/@encukou/pydocswg1). You need to log in (e.g. with a GitHub account).

By participating in this meeting, you are agreeing to abide by and uphold the [PSF Code of Conduct](https://www.python.org/psf/codeofconduct/).
Please take a second to read through it!

## Roll call

- Mariatta / `@mariatta`
- Petr / `@encukou`
- Ezio / `@ezio-melotti`
- Hugo van Kemenade / `@hugovk`
- CAM / `@CAM-Gerlach`
- Jim DeLaHunt / `@JDLH`

## Reports and celebrations

> This is a place to make announcements (without a need for discussion). This is also a great place to give shout-outs to contributors! We'll read through these at the beginning of the meeting.

- Hugo's promotion to Core Developer! 🎊

> - @JDLH: A [packaging] docs issue I filed has been fixed, I feel like I made a (small) contribution. [*No clear list of permitted keys in "Declaring project metadata" specification* issue #1161](https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/issues/1101), fixed by Brett Cannon in [PR #1168](https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/pull/1168).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- @JDLH: A [packaging] docs issue I filed has been fixed, I feel like I made a (small) contribution. [*No clear list of permitted keys in "Declaring project metadata" specification* issue #1101](https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/issues/1101), fixed by Brett Cannon in [PR #1168](https://github.com/pypa/packaging.python.org/pull/1168).
```

  * CAM also mentions the devguide's reST primer is essentially just a less-up-to-date copy of the Sphinx one; it should be revised to link to it and focus on CPython-specific guidance. This issue was already open as [python/docs-community#57](https://github.com/python/docs-community/issues/57), which was moved to [python/devguide#1000](https://github.com/python/devguide/issues/1000), where @CAM-Gerlach will work on it
* Final PEPs and the canonical docs banner link
  * [python/peps#2719](https://github.com/python/peps/issues/2719) will improve the existing banners directing users to the canonical docs for Final PEPs added in [python/peps#2702](https://github.com/python/peps/pull/2702) to be sticky at the top; @CAM-Gerlach to submit PR
  * We can start going through Final PEPs and systemically marking them with the new banner as appropriate
  * @CAM-Gerlach will submit PRs for [python/peps#2872](https://github.com/python/peps/issues/2872) to mark old implemented Accepted PEPs as Final, and will add banner in the process
  * We might need a checklist for marking PEPs Final
    * e.g.: is it documented outside the PEP? Add a note?

>     * @CAM-Gerlach will open an issue to discuss adding checklists for new Approved/Rejected and Final PEPs

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * @CAM-Gerlach opened issue [python/peps#2937](https://github.com/python/peps/issues/2937) to discuss adding checklists for new Approved/Rejected and Final PEPs
```

Reviewer 3: Generally, meeting minutes should record what happened during the meeting, so putting this action point in past tense makes it sound like it had already been done before the meeting.

Maybe keep it future tense, and add a little followup note to say it's now been done?

Reviewer 2: Right, but I saw that you added a bunch of things after so... :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye: 

In any case, I removed it inline and added it in a paren.

* Status for PEP 659?
  * @CAM-Gerlach will open issue proposing a list of obselete PEPs to the SC to be formally rejected
  * We may need an obselete status?

### Improve SEO for CPython docs

* (Hugo) OpenGraph metadata PRs:

  * devguide: [merged](https://github.com/python/devguide/pull/953), increases Google's SEO score [91->100](https://github.com/python/devguide/pull/953#issuecomment-1332183148)
  * CPython: [ready for review](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/99931), increases Google's SEO score [~66->91](https://github.com/python/cpython/pull/99931) -> approved during and merged after the meeting :rocket:

>   * Followup: tell Marc-André about use of logo without font

Reviewer: This is now done, we removed the text and left the logo, so the font is no longer a problem.
